API.md, before:

Registration topics:
- fl_box/regisration/v1/hello
```
Sample for the Hardware State JSON message
{
  "macAddress": "01:02:03:04:05:06",
  "type": "Bernd Box",
  "dallases": [
    {"address": 1, "name": "water_temperature", "unit": "°C", "state": "active"},
    {"address": 2, "name": "water_temperature", "unit": "°C", "state": "failed"}
  ],
  "bme280sensors": [
    {
      "address": 0x77,
      "parameters": [
        {"name": "air_temperature", "unit": "°C"},
        {"name": "air_pressure", "unit": "Pa"},
        {"name": "air_humidity", "unit": "°C"}
      ],
      "state": "unknown",
    },
    {
      "address": 0x76,
      "parameters": [
        {"name": "air_temperature", "unit": "°C"},
        {"name": "air_pressure", "unit": "Pa"},
        {"name": "air_humidity", "unit": "°C"}
      ],
      "state": "unknown"
    }
  ],
  "bh1750s": [
    {"address": 0x4a, "name": "ambient_brightness", "unit": "lx", "state": "active"},
    {"address": 0x4b, "name": "ambient_brightness", "unit": "lx", "state": "active"}
  ],
  "adcs": [
    {"pin": 32, "name": "saturated_oxygen", "unit": "SO2", "state": "unknown"},
    {"pin": 33, "name": "conductivity", "unit": "SO2", "state": "unknown"},
    {"pin": 34, "name": "acidity", "unit": "pH", "sample_count": 30, "state": "unknown"},
    {"pin": 34, "name": "turbidity", "unit": "NTU", "state": "unknown"}
  ],
  "leds": [
    {"pin": 2, "name": "active"}
  ]
}
```
    
Registration:
- Box sends MAC address on `hello` every 1s
- NodeRED displays that a new device is available

Commit message:

Add L293D motor driver support
Why:

- Allow interfacing to L293D motors
- Allow devices to be added during runtime

This change addresses the need by:

- Add L293D task
- Add support for JSON

API.md, after:

# MQTT API Documentation

## Tasks

### L293D Motors

The L293D motor drivers are used to power motors with up to 21 W (36V / 600mA). They require two pins to define the turning direction and one to enable and set the speed.

| action | topic | parameters | Note |
| ------ | ----- | ---------- | ---- |
| add | `action/<uuid>/l293d_motors` | name <br> pin_forward <br> pin_reverse <br> pin_enable | The name has to be unique |
| remove | `action/<uuid>/l293d_motors` | name | |
| enable | `action/<uuid>/l293d_motors` | name <br> percent <br> forward <br> duration_s | percent as integer (0-100) <br> forward as bool, false is reverse <br> duration is time to be enabled |
| disable | `action/<uuid>/l293d_motors` | name | |

## Old

Registration topics:

- fl_box/regisration/v1/hello

```
Sample for the Hardware State JSON message
{
  "macAddress": "01:02:03:04:05:06",
  "type": "Bernd Box",
  "dallases": [
    {"address": 1, "name": "water_temperature", "unit": "°C", "state": "active"},
    {"address": 2, "name": "water_temperature", "unit": "°C", "state": "failed"}
  ],
  "bme280sensors": [
    {
      "address": 0x77,
      "parameters": [
        {"name": "air_temperature", "unit": "°C"},
        {"name": "air_pressure", "unit": "Pa"},
        {"name": "air_humidity", "unit": "°C"}
      ],
      "state": "unknown",
    },
    {
      "address": 0x76,
      "parameters": [
        {"name": "air_temperature", "unit": "°C"},
        {"name": "air_pressure", "unit": "Pa"},
        {"name": "air_humidity", "unit": "°C"}
      ],
      "state": "unknown"
    }
  ],
  "bh1750s": [
    {"address": 0x4a, "name": "ambient_brightness", "unit": "lx", "state": "active"},
    {"address": 0x4b, "name": "ambient_brightness", "unit": "lx", "state": "active"}
  ],
  "adcs": [
    {"pin": 32, "name": "saturated_oxygen", "unit": "SO2", "state": "unknown"},
    {"pin": 33, "name": "conductivity", "unit": "SO2", "state": "unknown"},
    {"pin": 34, "name": "acidity", "unit": "pH", "sample_count": 30, "state": "unknown"},
    {"pin": 34, "name": "turbidity", "unit": "NTU", "state": "unknown"}
  ],
  "leds": [
    {"pin": 2, "name": "active"}
  ]
}
```

Registration:

- Box sends MAC address on `hello` every 1s
- NodeRED displays that a new device is available
